Update concepts and add terminology page (#1413)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/concepts/terminology.md

---

This page details all of the common terms you may come across in the Dapr docs.

| Term | Definition | More information |
|:-----|------------|------------------|
| App/Application | A running service/binary, usually that you as the user create and run.
| Building block | A piece of functionality that Dapr provides to users to help in the creation of microservices and applications. | [Dapr building blocks]({{< ref building-blocks-concept.md >}})
| Component | A modular piece of functionality that make up, either by itself or with a collection of other components, a Dapr building block. | [Dapr components]({{< ref components-concept.md >}})
| Configuration | A YAML file declaring all of the settings for Dapr sidecars and the Dapr control plane. It is here where you can configure mTLS, tracing, and middleware. | [Dapr configuration]({{< ref configuration-concept.md >}})
| Dapr | Distributed Application Runtime. | [Dapr overview]({{< ref overview.md >}})
| Self-hosted | Your local Windows/macOS/Linux machine where you run your applications with Dapr. Dapr provides capabilities to run on your machine in "self-hosted" mode. | [Self-hosted mode]({{< ref self-hosted-overview.md >}})

> | Service | A running application or binary. Can be used to refer to your application, or a Dapr applicaiton.

Reviewer: typo in the word "application"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Service | A running application or binary. Can be used to refer to your application, or a Dapr application.
```

> | Self-hosted | Your local Windows/macOS/Linux machine where you run your applications with Dapr. Dapr provides capabilities to run on your machine in "self-hosted" mode. | [Self-hosted mode]({{< ref self-hosted-overview.md >}})

Reviewer 2: Self hosted is about running on machines/VMS where a single instance is a degenerate, special case. Especially now Consol is integrated with Dapr

| Sidecar | A program that runs along side your application as a separate binary or pod. | [Sidecar pattern](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/architecture/patterns/sidecar)

> | System services | Applications that run as part of the Dapr control plane, which take care of the various jobs that Dapr handles such as service discovery or sidecar injection. | [Self-hosted overview]({{< ref self-hosted-overview >}})<br />[Kubernetes overview]({{< ref kubernetes-overview >}})

Reviewer: "system services" is too broad, I don't think we only use that to describe the Dapr control plane.
Perhaps define the term "Dapr control plane" and in that case I would say it is "A collection of services that are part of a Dapr installation on a hosting platform such as a Kubernetes cluster, and allow Dapr enabled applications to run on that platform"

> | System services | Applications that run as part of the Dapr control plane, which take care of the various jobs that Dapr handles such as service discovery or sidecar injection. | [Self-hosted overview]({{< ref self-hosted-overview >}})<br />[Kubernetes overview]({{< ref kubernetes-overview >}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Dapr control plane | A collection of services that are part of a Dapr installation on a hosting platform such as a Kubernetes cluster, and allow Dapr enabled applications to run on that platform. | [Self-hosted overview]({{< ref self-hosted-overview >}})<br />[Kubernetes overview]({{< ref kubernetes-overview >}})
```
